Update kubernetes-apply-step.md (#4193)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-k8s-ref/kubernetes-apply-step.md

* [Add a Kubernetes Sidecar Container](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/add-a-kubernetes-sidecar-container)

> ## FAQ
> 
> ### Where does the Apply Step Run by Default?
> 
> The namespace specified in the infrastructure defined in the kubernetes or native helm deployment stage.
> 
> ### How do I configure the Apply step to run in a different namespace then the one defined in the infrastructure definition?
> Any namespace in the entities in the manifest would take precedence over the infrastructure. The manifest could  specify the namespace as a values.yaml reference. In an Apply step, you can override values.yaml and could specify different namespaces that way, for that particular Apply step.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ

### Where does the Harness Kubernetes Apply step run by default?

In a Kubernetes or Native Helm deployment type, the Apply step runs in the target cluster namespace specified in the Harness pipeline stage **Infrastructure** under **Environment**.

### How do I configure the Apply step to run in a different namespace then the one defined in the infrastructure definition?

Any namespace in the manifest you are deploying takes precedence over the namespace specified in the Harness stage **Infrastructure**. 

You can use a values.yaml file to specify the namespace and reference it in the manifest. 

In an Apply step, you can override this values.yaml and specify a different namespace for that particular Apply step.

```
